Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
I don't want live like
this, buried in his dream...
You and Griffith...
I hope you and
Griffith work out together...
Hey.
Judeau, Corkus...
Give us your company for a moment.
Griffith!
He would be able to stop him!
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
Separation
What is this all of a sudden?
Come here, girl!
It's not sudden.
I've was thinking about this
before we set off for our last battle.
Hey darling, when do you...
Are you discontent about something?
Of course not, not at all.
... get off work?
But...
Why don't you spend...
During these past three years...
Why don 't you spend...
... some time with me later?
...I've been having fun.
It's been like some kind of festival.
I don't know...
How could I be discontent?
Oh, I didn't ask your name yet...
Then, why do you...
Corkus, come on.
Shut up!
I am Sir Corkus, commander of
an entire company of the Hawks!
What's wrong with me going to
a bar and making a play for a girl or two?
We've got free reign
in any bar in Windam...
...once they recognize us
as the Hawks' commanders!
In the street, we're mobbed
by kids and women as we walk by!
Of course!
We are the heroes
who saved this kingdom!
Soon, we'll be
admitted into society as nobles!
We'll be able to
settle down in the Court!
With luck, we could
become landed lords!
All of this would be impossible
under ordinary circumstances!
Right?
But, we finally obtained it!
And we sweated blood over it!
Nonetheless, you will give up all this...
In any case...
It's no wonder you can't
dance with the ladies at a party.
You're not capable of
doing anything but slay men!
What you say is true.
I can't do anything but wield a sword.
When I first killed a man, I was just a
kid without any idea what I was doing.
I have not known
anything more than battle...
I never tried to know more...
To survive, I kill...
...that's all I've ever done.
But...
I could have lived with that...
If only...
If one person...
If anyone had looked my way...
However...
...I learned my lesson as I
wandered from battle to battle...
I learned that wishes wouldn't help
me crush the skulls of my enemies.
My complaints were just childish.
But I also realized...
...that I had met someone...
...from whom I
really wanted attention...
He had nothing
whatsoever in his possession.
And he intended to obtain everything.
However, because he
aspires to reach such great heights...
...he is forced to be on
edge almost constantly.
That's why he cannot afford
to let the weak get close to him.
I feel strange saying
this, but when I look at him...
...it's like looking up into a bright light.
I can't deal with it any more, admiring
him and being caught up in his dream...
I want to be an equal with him, I want to
have something I can achieve by myself.
I don't want him to be the
only thing holding me back.
You said you want to
be equal with Griffith?
Cut the crap!
You're bitching like some rotten kid!
He is special!
He is different from us!
It's thanks to no one
but Griffith that someone...
...good for nothing but slaying men, can
be Commander of the Hawks' Raiders!
You're already surpassing your limits!
I'm not interested in
that position or rank at all.
What I really want to
have is something different...
Something more,
something I have to win by myself!
You're talking
nonsense, like some stupid kid!
Something you
have to win by yourself?
No one would suffer if that
kind of thing was easy to find!
Listen!
A man has to make many compromises
in his life, because of his personal limits...
...and his
responsibility to face up to reality.
Only a child can be
content with just a dream.
Don't give me your crap!
Your words are nothing but excuses
for a coward who can't face reality!
Corkus...
You...
Don't you have anything like that?
Gimme a break!
I need to get some sleep!
I can't tolerate this
immature fool any longer!
Despite all that, he used to be
great leader in an organization of thieves.
I suppose he must have once had
something he wanted to win by himself...
...even if it was only a small thing.
As for myself...
...I have rather cleverly managed every
feat of skill I've tried since I was a kid.
I was more skilled with a sword or a
dagger than others, and more tactful as well.
But I could never be a
master at any one thing.
I decided to follow someone who
did have the potential to be a master...
...so I wouldn't have to be
signaled out as the special one.
I think everyone has the
desire to gain something...
I'll see you out...
I hope you can find
something you really want.
Hey, Guts...
Yeah?
How about you and Caska?
What?
What was that?
She likes Griffith,
everybody knows that.
I don't think Caska can
get together with Griffith.
Why?
There's one thing that Griffith pursues.
Getting princess Charlotte is a
shortcut on the path to fulfill Griffith's dream.
That's the best thing for him to do.
Anyway, what do you think of Caska?
Caska is an attractive woman.
It's unusual to find a woman
who is reliable on the battlefield.
But I consider her
only as my comrade...
...not as a woman.
So...
No...
...it's not possible.
She looks at only Griffith.
So for now, I'm not
able to be her match.
I see.
I guess I was the only one who
thought there was some hope for you.
Thanks for coming along, I'm off now...
Guts!
You...
You're so mean, how could
you leave without saying anything?
Why?
Are you tired of the Hawks?
Ricket...
Are you leaving?
Yeah...
Are you resigning from
the Band of the Hawk?
Sorry...
We don't understand your apology!
Please tell us why!
Aren't the Hawks
supposed to be a family?
Stop it, Ricket.
Why...
It's a man's decision.
We should just let him go.
But Guts is the
Commander of the Hawks' Raiders.
He is key to the Hawks!
We were already
invincible before he joined.
But...
Shut up!
Hey, I'm going to tell you this now!
I have hated you so much!
I will never admit it...
You are not special!
You will never be like Griffith!
If we meet on the battlefield sometime...
...you had better watch your back!
Guts...
Thanks for everything...
I told you this long ago...
You are mine.
I won you by my sword.
Everything about you belongs to me,
from your battlefield to your own life.
If you want to get free of my hand...
...by those conditions...
Snatch yourself free with your blade!
Griffith!
Couldn't you just let me go
by saying good-bye with smile?
I see.
Hold it!
Are you two serious?
Are comrades willing to kill each other?
Stay back, Caska!
Don't get in our way!
What are you saying?
If you two fight with real swords,
you won't escape unharmed!
Hands off, what are you doing?
There's no way around it,
in these circumstances...
What are you all doing?
We've got to stop
them, they'll kill each other.
This is their concern, not yours.
We don't have to interrupt this.
But we can't just...
Have you become so much
of a lady that you've forgotten?
We have to settle
things by our swords.
This is our way as mercenaries, isn't it?
But...
She has changed...
She never hesitated
before under Griffith's orders...
...even if her comrades
were in mortal danger.
Is she herself aware
of how she's changed?
His eyes look as if
he's glaring at an enemy.
But...
...even if he hates me or
if he considers me a traitor...
I've got to go!
It's just as it was three years ago...
I've ended up fighting with my sword
just as I started fighting with my sword.
Well, that's just the way I like it.
The duel tells me that you
at least value me enough...
...to fight and bleed over me.
He has become immensely strong...
But...
Griffith can definitely stop him!
Then, everything will be
the same as it was before...
Is that my wish?
Is it my wish that...
...Guts stays with us?
He makes no attempt
to display his will to fight.
However, he is completely on guard...
...his eyes are free of confusion.
Do you really desire to be...
...free of my hand so much?
No, I won't allow it!
My best chance is in the first strike...
I've got to deflect his sword as
soon as he swings downward.
Then I'll strike his shoulder!
What if I kill him as a result of
my sword striking off the mark?
I don't care, not if
he refuses to be mine...
I care not!
Now!
Griffith!
Bye...
Griffith...
Guts!
Guts is gone, he didn't even look back.
That was a fluke!
That was definitely a fluke!
I'll never admit that he won!
You're going to be all right...
You just stumbled
over a stone in the street...
It's not a big deal at all...
Your goal is far
beyond things like this, right?
I'm sure you'll overcome this.
You'll start walking again soon...
No, the snow is melting...
Please go to bed quickly,
otherwise you will get sick, My lady.
I will go to bed.
You may leave now.
Then, good night My Lady.
Sir Griffith!
Sir Griffith, what happened to you?
It's such a rainy night!
Good evening, Princess Charlotte.
Would you mind if I asked for
admittance into your chamber?
What?
If someone saw us like this,
it might stain your honor, Princess.
Y-Yes...
Come in...
Thank you.
Please excuse my rudeness,
visiting a lady's chamber...
...so late at night, and making it wet.
I missed you so much.
Ever since you were
sent to the battlefield...
...I have constantly been afraid
that I would hear of your death.
After you came back, fearful and sorrowful
things have occurred one after another.
Why, why didn't you
come to see me earlier?
No...
Griffith...
Griffith!
Are you scared?
Stop it...
Your fear and sorrow, throw
everything into a fire, and let it burn...
Bye...
Griffith?
Well, well, who should it be but Your
Excellency, the next White Hawk General!
To think that Your Excellency, of
all people, should be here at this time.
That's right, my sword was...
I will hear your
story later, at my leisure.
Haul him off!
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
A friend who has been left,
a place that has been lost...
...a feeling that has been abandoned...
It is fate's mischief
bringing such things about.
Even when a man has joy, there is
torment lurking on the other side of it.
Why does blissful time
always fly away in a twinkling?
Sparks
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm